I am Fuji
Fuji
He just said he was Fuji.
Sister, I didn't expect you to still doubt me.
Sister, shall we go home?
Okay, but you have to answer my sister's question just now
Sister, I am really the special work of President Fuji
Sister, you don't remember at all, do you?
It doesn't matter in your heart, does it?
Okay, you're drunk, let's go
Sister takes you home
Ok I'll go home with my sister
Yes, they have left.
Hmph, Sunan has started to investigate the true identity of Fuxing
I believe it won't take long to know the truth
The vice president needs to reveal the truth about the second young master to Miss Sunan
No, since he wants to know the truth
I can't be on his side
If he wants to check, do something
Let him revive the material essence is the passion of Su Shi's intercom Si Mingbai